doc: Add a note to the SIM activation instructions (#8318)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/ug_nrf9160_gs.rst

.. _nrf9160_gs_connecting_dk_to_cloud:

> .. |DK| replace:: nRF9160 DK

Reviewer: You need to switch the order of the replace definition and the reference tag, it's currently breaking the build.

   If you closed the registration dialog box, you can repeat Step 1 and then click :guilabel:`Already have a code?`.
   Then enter your email and the verification code.

You can now log in to `nRF Cloud`_ with your email and password.
After logging in, you are taken to the dashboard view that displays your device count and service usage.

> Next, you need to activate the SIM card for the |DK|.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, you need to activate the SIM card you will use in the |DK|.
```
Current version can be interpreted like the SIM card needs to be activated specifically for the DK, which is not the case.
